Data sources for our model where we get the information from well by the end of this section you will
understand where to get information.
They'll help you build rock solid Austin financial goals where we look at three resources too and a
bonus one.
The first resource is Investor Relations.
Every publicly traded company has to disclose a lot of information on their websites and their Web sites
are called Investor Relations Web sites.
I'll show you.
It will make much more sense.
And we'll also go to FCC dot gov.
The FCC is an awesome resource K that stands for the Securities Exchange Commission and they set this
law.
That means that all companies that are publicly traded have to disclose information at the same time
to all investors.
So you and I have the same access to information that this huge mutual funds and hedge funds do.
OK.
In fact timing wise we get access to it at the exact same second.
It's a beautiful thing.
And the third resource we're going to talk about is one that's near and dear to me.
I used to spend thousands of dollars every year.
Right.
Actually every month right for my hedge fund Amite my analysts for Bloomberg access I pay thousands
of dollars.
What a waste.
It was a waste because you can get most of that for free from finance at yahoo dot com and I will show
you.
I know it sounds crazy but all this information that I can be sharing with you you can get for free
.
You don't have to pay for anything in terms of why we're doing this well quite simply so we can forecast
the future so we can forecast what we think financial statements will look like in the future how we
can do this.
Well you're going to have a couple of mall exercises.
I'm also going to go through linked in in detail to a company I've always loved and I created a gazillion
financial statements for this course and we're going to analyze the heck out of LinkedIn as well.